README.md, before:

# Tick It Off! :white_check_mark:
###  [Check out the live demo](https://fedelopez17.github.io/to-do-list/)! :smile:

## Description:
This project is part of [The Odin Project's curriculum](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths).<br>
It allows the user to keep track of the tasks they need to do and sort them into different projects.<br>
The main purpose of this project was to get more practice with Object Oriented Programming and also to get familiar with the SOLID principles in practice.

## How it looks:

### Video Demonstration:
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205460941-1f87ee0e-f1d1-4cc1-a1b3-2f12492deca8.mp4

### Screenshots:
<details>
  <summary>Light theme</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459587-2f140956-eb78-4681-aacf-bf7cfbc7f5c0.png" alt="Inbox page screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459605-29a84faf-1e8b-439e-850c-e1e578c2e367.png" alt="New project modal screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459608-c07f3adc-7158-4e43-979d-0ee816c4e1f1.png" alt="New task modal screenshot">
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Dark theme</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459736-2b6999f2-54ed-4215-8081-b1b6ba42a09f.png" alt="Inbox page screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459774-c6d0cf69-abe2-400c-9b4c-daea974bfff8.png" alt="New project modal screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459787-ef41f414-7585-4d8d-a58b-08cff20118c6.png" alt="New task modal screenshot">
</details>


## Technologies used:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

## New things learned:
- SOLID principles in theory and practice.
- What localStorage is and how to use it.
- How dates work in JavaScript and how useful date libraries like date-fns can be.

## Thoughts on the project:
I liked this project a lot. It allowed me to better understand a lot of concepts I had previously seen but hadn't fully grasped.<br>
Admittedly, I'm not sure whether or not I managed to write 100% SOLID code this time, but it was a really fun project nonetheless.<br>
I'm sure I'll soon look back at this project and realize everything I could have done better; that's the beauty of learning and github :)

Commit message:

Mainly add a "future improvements" section

README.md, after:

# Tick It Off! :white_check_mark:
###  [Check out the live demo](https://fedelopez17.github.io/to-do-list/)! :smile:

## Description:
This project is part of [The Odin Project's curriculum](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths).<br>
It allows the user to keep track of the tasks they need to do and sort them into different projects.<br>
The main purpose of this project was to get more practice with Object Oriented Programming and also to get familiar with the SOLID principles in practice.

## How it looks:

### Video Demonstration:
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205460941-1f87ee0e-f1d1-4cc1-a1b3-2f12492deca8.mp4

### Screenshots:
<details>
  <summary>Light theme</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459587-2f140956-eb78-4681-aacf-bf7cfbc7f5c0.png" alt="Inbox page screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459605-29a84faf-1e8b-439e-850c-e1e578c2e367.png" alt="New project modal screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459608-c07f3adc-7158-4e43-979d-0ee816c4e1f1.png" alt="New task modal screenshot">
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Dark theme</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459736-2b6999f2-54ed-4215-8081-b1b6ba42a09f.png" alt="Inbox page screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459774-c6d0cf69-abe2-400c-9b4c-daea974bfff8.png" alt="New project modal screenshot">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95712292/205459787-ef41f414-7585-4d8d-a58b-08cff20118c6.png" alt="New task modal screenshot">
</details>


## Technologies used:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

## New things learned:
- SOLID principles in theory and practice.
- What localStorage is and how to use it.
- How dates work in JavaScript and how useful date libraries like date-fns can be.

## Thoughts on the project:
I liked this project a lot. It allowed me to better understand a lot of concepts I had previously seen but hadn't fully grasped.<br>
Admittedly, I'm not sure whether or not I managed to write 100% SOLID code this time, but it was a really fun project nonetheless.<br>
I'm sure I'll soon look back at this project and realize everything I could have done better; that's the beauty of learning and the beauty of github :)

## Future improvements and suggestions according to friends' feedback and my own reflections:
- Only the title input should be required when creating a new task, the date input should not be.
- Improve the Modals' CSS as they look bad in certain screens and don't even work properly in others (unscrollable overflow).
- The sidebar should be shown from the start if the screen is wide enough. Otherwise, the page can feel a bit empty.
- The theme toggle isn't intuitive and it doesn't integrate well with the rest of the page. Maybe I should change it.
- Organize the files better.
